Sand Lizard,Endangered Species
Slow-worm,Endangered Species
European Mole,The European mole's fur can lie at any angle. This allows the animal to go backward as well as forward through its tunnels.
Hazel Dormouse,Endangered Species
St Kilda Field ,These mice weighs up to 50g which makes is huge compares to other species of field mice.
Mouse,
Harvest Mouse,The Harvest Mouse is the smallest rodent in Britain and weighs less than a 2 pence coin.
House Mouse,This is the most common mammal in the UK.
Wood Mouse,The lightly-furred tail of the wood mouse is longer than that of other mouse species.
Yellow-necked Mouse,Dobrava virus (DOBV) carried by the yellow-necked field mouse is one of the hantaviruses that can cause severe hemorrhagic fever with renal syndrome in humans. 
Alpine Newt,These were introduced to southern England in the 1930s and several populations have become established as far north as Sunderland.
Great Crested Newt,Endangered Species
Italian Crested Newt,It is able to hybridise with the native Great Crested Newt and is therefore cause for concern.
Palmate Newt,"It is said that the name 'palmate' is derived from of the appearance of the newt's feet, the skin between its toes looking like the palm of a hand. "
Smooth Newt,The smooth newt is the commonest species of newt in the UK. 
European Otter,Endangered Species
Harbor Porpoise,Endangered Species
Domestic Rabbit,"Rabbits are not rodents they are lagomorphs, rabbits teeth never stop growing, rabbits cannot vomit. "
Black Rat,Black rats were responsible for spreading the Bubonic Plague during the Middle Ages as they carried the flea which transmitted this disease.
Brown Rat,The only species to occur in sewers in the UK.
Fire Salamander,Their skin is black and yellow which is poisonous due to the fact that they have rows of poison glands extending lengthwise down the animal's body to secrete neurotoxins.
Bearded Seal,"They feed in shallow water on the fish and invertebrates that they sift out with their long whiskers, from which they take their name."
Common Seal,"They are the most widespread of the pinniped family, with the UK boasting five percent of the worlds population."
Grey Seal,Grey seals are the largest breeding seals found in the UK weighing up to 233kg.
Hooded ,Hooded seals are named for the bi-lobed hood-an enlargement of the nasal cavity on the heads of males.
Seal,
Ringed Seal,The animal takes its name from the irregular circular patterns on the back and sides of its coat it is also an earless seal. 
Common Shrew,"The Common Shrew is always hungry, it needs to eat 80-90 percent of its body weight every day."
Eurasian Pygmy Shrew,This is the smallest mammal of Britain.
Eurasian Water Shrew,"The Water Shrew, has venomous saliva, although it is not able to puncture the skin of large mammals such as humans. "
Adder,Endangered Species
Aesculapian Snake,"In the UK the Aesculapian Snake can only be found in a small area of Wales where it has been living and breeding succesfully since the seventies, it is an egg-laying constrictor. "
Dice Snake,This snake is not venomous. As a defense it spreads a very bad smelling secretion from its cloaca. 
Grass Snake,Endangered Species
Smooth Snake,Endangered Species
Grey Squirrel,"The first authenticated record of the grey squirrel being released in England was by T V Brocklehurst in the grounds of Henbury Park, Cheshire, in 1876."
Red Squirrel,Endangered Species
Common Toad,"The common frog can breathe through its skin, Common Toads secrete an irritant from their skin that prevents most predators from wanting to eat them."
Midwife Toad,The back of the midwife toad is covered with small warts. These warts give off a strong smelling poison when the toad is handled or attacked.
Natterjack Toad,Endangered Species
Yellow-bellied Toad,This toad enjoys long periods of sun basking but is rarely if ever found far from water. 
European Pond Turtle,
Green Sea Turtle,
Hawksbill Turtle,
Leatherback Sea Turtle,
Loggerhead Sea Turtle,
Bank Vole,
Common Vole,
Field Vole,
European water vole,Endangered Species
Red-necked Wallaby,
Walrus,
European Pine Marten,
European Polecat,
Stoat,
Weasel,
